hey guys game is IKEA and welcome to my
top ten PC adventure games to watch in
2015 now adventure games are all about
an immersive universe and engaging
characters and this year there are some
intriguing developments with some old
favorites coming back it's time you pack
up and head on out to keep an eye on
these news stories first up we've got
Siberia 3 by benoît Sokka it's been 10
years since the last siberia game and
the original designer is back with a new
one we begin right where we left off
shape the lawyers in a bad situation in
this fantastically frozen steampunk
environment and cover mysteries and
solve puzzles in this epic return to the
series then we have King's Quest by the
odd gentleman Activision has decided to
revive Sierra and along comes a new
King's Quest the ninth to be exact
King's Quest promises all inspiring art
engaging puzzles and a wondrous
interactive narrative brimming with
humor the curious thing about this one
though is that it won't just be a point
and click game how will they make that
work we'll have to wait and see next we
have ghost of a tale by CCG in this
third-person adventure you follow the
story of teyla and tiny minstrel mouse
making its way through a mysterious and
beautiful medieval world prepare for
exploration fighting monsters reading
journals discovering secrets and if you
couldn't guess ghosts and Undead this is
a title that could easily be missed but
the stunning aesthetic can immediately
draw you in let's keep an eye on this
one if it plays as good as it looks and
then we've got beyond the eyes by Tiger
and squid here we have a game where you
play ray a ten-year-old girl venturing
out into the big world in search of a
fat cat named nanny ray however isn't
like most other girls she lost her
eyesight in a fireworks accident when
she was younger
leaving her traumatized fearing loud
noises and public places explored this
world through senses other than sight
and joined ray on her journey of
discovery next up we have the girl and
the robot by flying carpet games this is
an interesting title with an apt title
it's about a girl and her rope
you take on the role of a young girl
trying to escape a castle ruled by an
evil queen she soon comes across a robot
that she can control with a magical
pendant but as time goes on the robot
seems to develop a mind of its own the
game could be amazing or it might not
quite reach its mark but be sure to keep
an eye on this one and then we've got
never mind by nevermind team the
greatest enemy is the one inside your
head
this adventure Hara is one of the first
biofeedback games that takes you into
the dark and twisted world of the
subconscious using a biofeedback sensor
it will check how stressed you become
moment to moment if you get too scared
the game becomes tougher then you stay
calm in the face of Terror keep an eye
out if you dare and next we've got army
crawled by pencil test Studios having
another look at this game a unique
point-and-click adventure considered to
be the spiritual successor to the
Neverhood the game follows Tommy not as
space explorer and beat-beat his blind
talking dog who crashed land on a weird
planet and ends up locked in a strange
fortress called armikrog the game is
animated totally in claymation and that
is reason enough to check out this one
then we have below by capybara games
explore and discover what lies below in
this game where you are a tiny warrior
exploring the depths of a remote island
prepare for brutal but fair combat with
a tilt shift perspective as you light
your way through the dark
making your way through this mysterious
world is tough in this roguelike with
randomly generated environments and
permanent death next we have tales from
the borderlands by Telltale Games based
on the game borderlands this episodic
game will continue to release through
2015 the story will revolve around the
vault hunters and although no one will
call them heroes they do have their own
tales to tell it will stick true to the
boiled lands graphic style but it will
have a lot more talking and figuring
things out though there will still be
shooting in some form check it out if
you should follow this series all the
way through finally we have Game of
Thrones again by Telltale Games the
other big release from telltale this
game will be coming out in episodes and
will continue through 2015 based on the
TV series and the books of George RR
martin
if you're a fan of the series then
you'll definitely want to check this out
the TV series has been putting in things
that the books don't cover so maybe the
game will include things that you can't
find elsewhere - either way if you get
into this game be prepared for
not-safe-for-work content and before we
go an honorable mention Grim Fandango
remastered by Double Fine productions
I went normally include remasters in
lists like this but the game originally
released in 1998 17 years ago and I
think many missed out on it Double Fine
promises to ramp up the graphics and
even hope to reach out to fans who've
unofficially patched and modded the game
to gain their help in remastering it so
if you missed out on it all you're
looking to relive this one now's your
chance to get into this dark comedy
neo-noir graphical adventure now most of
these games should be releasing in 2015
but either way you should keep an eye on
developments to see if these games will
tell a story of success or fall into
some serious plot holes alright that
wraps up my top ten PC adventure games
to watch in 2015 hope you enjoyed the
video and if you did drop me a like or
share it with your friends the support
is always appreciated thanks so much for
watching and I'll see you in the next
video